1. What is a React-JS ?

    => The React. js framework is an open-source JavaScript framework and library 
       developed by Facebook. It's used for building interactive user interfaces
       and web applications quickly and efficiently with significantly less code
       than you would with vanilla JavaScript.

2. What is NPM is React-JS ?

    => NPM is short for node package manager, an online directory that contains
       the various already registered open-source packages. NPM modules consume
       the various functions as a third-party package when installed into an app
       using the NPM command npm install .

3. What is Role of Node Js in react Js ?

    => NodeJS is a framework of JavaScript which is mainly used for working with 
       the backend of our application or building the backend using JavaScript,
       whereas ReactJS is a JavaScript front-end library. It is mainly used for 
       building the user interface or the frontend of our application. 

4. What is CLI command In React Js ?

   => [1]  Creating a new application. Create React App provides multiple ways to create 
           React application. ...

      [2]  Selecting a template. Create React App creates React application using 
           default template. ...

      [3]  Installing a dependency. ...

      [4]  Running the application.

5. What is Components in React Js ?

    => Components are independent and reusable bits of code. They serve the same 
       purpose as JavaScript functions, but work in isolation and return HTML.
       Components come in two types, Class components and Function components.

6. What is Header and Content Components in React Js?

    => Headers are compositions that extend standard navbar functionalities. They
       contain additional components like a jumbotron, sub-navbar, or image covers
       which serve as a containers for extra navigation elements - usually links,
       forms, or call-to-action buttons.

       Components are independent and reusable bits of code. They serve the same 
       purpose as JavaScript functions, but work in isolation and return HTML.
       Components come in two types, Class components and Function components

7. How to install React Js on Windows, linux Operating System?
   to install NPM and How to check version of NPM?

    => - Install Node. js.
       - The Command Prompt Environment.
       - Open a Command Prompt in Windows.
       - Install React on Windows.
       - Run a React Project Application.


        - Go into your desired location where you want to start your react app using 'cd' command.
        - Run the below command to setup React app using npx. Command: npx create-react-app my-app.
          That's it! Your React app is ready with a single command.

    => Specify the module you want to install and its required version so once the
       command "npm install" is executed, the mentioned package will be installed with
       all other packages

    => open the package. json. Take a look under the dependencies section. It should
       list all of the dependencies of your project and one of those should be React.

8. How to check version of React Js ?

    => Run the command " npm list react or npm ls react " from the root directory of your project.

9. How to change in components of React Js ?

    => Create an ES6 class, with the same name, that extends React.Component .
       Add a single empty method to it called render() .
       Move the body of the function into the render() method.
       Replace props with this.props in the render() body.